all right onto I didn't change the name
of this level two we have the forwards
the delusion music playing which is
completely out of place in the vanilla
dome cave or the vanilla caves or no
mountain whatever this is and we have a
giant screw you its beginning of this
level which means you have to be small
to get through this which means he takes
away your cape and probably wait a
minute I could cheat the system cheat
the system would move faster good can we
cheat the system have I cheated the
system goodbye level goodbye level you
can do anything when I'm way up here
what am I even missing halfway point
what the hell was I supposed to do am I
supposed to fly I don't see anything um
you know it's better not to ask
questions sometimes sometimes you just
have to keep moving forward and not ask
any questions so it wasn't that a great
level I have no idea was hell ok onto
vanilla ghost house as in I didn't
change the name of this ghost house
did we change anything in this girl's
house
so far this ghost house is looking
pretty standard as in super mario world
standard like so standard there should
be a vine here yeah that's pretty
standard doh triangle cape Mario all
right so I'm gonna beat this and then
check if there's any differences in the
next level and if not we can consider
this already done break gain the Cape
breaking the girl don't sing your videos
if you can't sing I shouldn't even be
singing these videos because I know I
can't sing so take my advice learn your
lesson and don't sing because you'll
sound like a jackass like me anyway
we've crossed the goal of the standard
vanilla ghost house which we've seen a
million times there's anything changed
after that level I'm going to go ahead
and say no yeah this is definitely not
changed so that's the end of the hack as
far as I can tell yep and everything is
pretty standard well I'm going to move
on to a different hack then so goodbye
and until next time